feat: create landing page for tutorials (#431)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/zkapps/tutorials/index.mdx

```sh
$ npm install -g zkapp-cli
```

To confirm successful installation:

```sh
$ zk --version
```

## Dependencies

To use the zkApp CLI and SnarkyJS, your environment requires:

- NodeJS v16 and later (or NodeJS v14 using `--experimental-wasm-threads`)
- NPM v6 and later
- Git v2 and later

Use a package manager to install the required versions and upgrade older versions if needed. Package managers for the supported environments are:

- MacOS [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)
- Windows [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/)
- Linux

  - apt, yum, and others

  On Linux, you might need to install a recent Node.js version by using NodeSource. Use [deb](https://github.com/nodesource/distributions#debinstall) or [rpm](https://github.com/nodesource/distributions#rpminstall) as recommended by the Node.js project.

To verify your installed versions, use `npm -v`, `node -v`, and `git -v`.

## Tips

The full source code for tutorials is provided in  the [examples/zkapps/](https://github.com/o1-labs/docs2/tree/main/examples/zkapps/) directory on GitHub. While you're there, give the `/docs2` repository a star so that other zk developers can learn to build a zkApp! 

> To prevent copying line numbers and command prompts as shown in the tutorials, use the copy code to clipboard button that appears at the top right of the snippet box when you hover over it.

Author: ```suggestion
Line numbers are provided for convenience. To prevent copying line numbers and command prompts as shown in the tutorials, use the copy code to clipboard button that appears at the top right of the snippet box when you hover over it.
```

---
title: zkApp Developer Tutorials
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: About Tutorials
description: zkApp developer tutorials provide a hands-on walk-through of use cases that teach you how to achieve a defined goal.  
keywords:
  - quick start
  - zkapps
  - zero knowledge proof programming
  - zk proof
  - zk
  - snarkyjs
  - blockchain
  - mina
  - typescript
---

# zkApp Developer Tutorials

> zkApp developer tutorials are a hands-on walk-through of use cases that teach you how to achieve a defined goal.

Reviewer: The 'how' with 'teach' seems a bit redundant. wdyt?

Maybe...
> [...] that _show_ you how to achieve a defined goal.

or ...

> [...] that teach you to achieve a defined goal.

> zkApp developer tutorials are a hands-on walk-through of use cases that teach you how to achieve a defined goal.

Author: ```suggestion
zkApp developer tutorials are a hands-on walk-through of use cases that guide you to achieve a defined goal.
```

- [Mina zkApp CLI](https://github.com/o1-labs/zkapp-cli)
- [SnarkyJS](https://www.npmjs.com/package/snarkyjs)

    SnarkyJS is automatically included when you create a project using the Mina zkApp CLI.

- Other dependencies as noted

### Install the Mina zkApp CLI

To install the Mina zkApp CLI:

```sh
$ npm install -g zkapp-cli
```

To confirm successful installation:

```sh
$ zk --version
```

## Dependencies

To use the zkApp CLI and SnarkyJS, your environment requires:

- NodeJS v16 and later (or NodeJS v14 using `--experimental-wasm-threads`)
- NPM v6 and later
- Git v2 and later

Use a package manager to install the required versions and upgrade older versions if needed. Package managers for the supported environments are:

- MacOS [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)
- Windows [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/)
- Linux

  - apt, yum, and others

  On Linux, you might need to install a recent Node.js version by using NodeSource. Use [deb](https://github.com/nodesource/distributions#debinstall) or [rpm](https://github.com/nodesource/distributions#rpminstall) as recommended by the Node.js project.

To verify your installed versions, use `npm -v`, `node -v`, and `git -v`.

## Tips

> The full source code for tutorials is provided in  the [examples/zkapps/](https://github.com/o1-labs/docs2/tree/main/examples/zkapps/) directory on GitHub. While you're there, give the `/docs2` repository a star so that other zk developers can learn to build a zkApp! 

Reviewer 2: Unrelated to this pr question. Did we ever discuss just having a docs repo instead of docs2?

Author: @ymekuria  I wondered the same thing! 
Web search for mina docs always puts the legacy mina repo at the top of search results

<img width="629" alt="image" src="https://github.com/o1-labs/docs2/assets/10067215/f43bf150-7c19-4e3a-933e-bdf310a630b3">

Now that the https://github.com/MinaProtocol/docs/ is archived, it is read only 
Would we be able to unarchive and update this statement in https://github.com/MinaProtocol/docs/blob/main/README.md ?

> Note: This repo contains the old docs website. The new docs website is located at https://github.com/o1-labs/docs2

Reviewer 2: @barriebyron I think we should bring this up again with the team during open forum or sometime like that

Author: Let's talk about it in our next team meeting https://o1-labs.slack.com/archives/C028Q27R8UC/p1686942417584859
